Document the Policy API concepts (#256)
open-cluster-management/website: content/en/getting-started/integration/policy-framework.md

- A [`Policy`](#policy) is a grouping mechanism for *Policy Templates* and is the smallest
  deployable unit. Embedded *Policy Templates* are distributed to applicable managed clusters and
  acted upon by the appropriate [policy controller](policy-controllers.md).
- A [`PolicySet`](#policyset) is a grouping mechanism of `Policy` objects. Compliance of all grouped `Policy`
  objects is summarized in the `PolicySet`. A `PolicySet` is a deployable unit and its distribution
  is controlled by a [Placement](../../concepts/placement.md).
- A [`PlacementBinding`](#placementbinding) binds a [Placement](../../concepts/placement.md) to a
  `Policy` or `PolicySet`.

### Policy

A `Policy` is a grouping mechanism for *Policy Templates* and is the smallest deployable unit.
Embedded *Policy Templates* are distributed to applicable managed clusters and acted upon by the
appropriate [policy controller](policy-controllers.md). The compliance state and status of a
`Policy` represents all embedded *Policy Templates* in the `Policy`. The distribution of `Policy`
objects is controlled by a [Placement](../../concepts/placement.md).

> Below is a simple example of a `Policy` that embeds a `ConfigurationPolicy` policy template that
> creates the "prod" namespace. At first, you may notice the `annotations`. These are standard

Reviewer: I think the YAML should be moved up so that it can be viewed first and then explained.
```suggestion
View a simple example of a `Policy` that embeds a `ConfigurationPolicy` policy template around
a namespace called "prod".
```yaml
YAML HERE
```
```

annotations that are for informational purposes and can be used by user interfaces, custom report
scripts, or components that integrate with OCM.

> Next, you may notice the optional `spec.remediationAction` field. This dictates if the policy should
> `inform` or `enforce` and overrides the `remediationAction` field on each policy template. When set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you may notice the optional `spec.remediationAction` field. This dictates if the policy controller should
`inform` or `enforce` when violations are found and overrides the `remediationAction` field on each policy template. When set
```

to `inform`, the `Policy` will become noncompliant if the underlying policy templates detect that
the desired state is not met. When set to `enforce`, the underlying policy templates apply the

> desired state when necessary.

Reviewer: It doesn't really apply to the config controller, so maybe this isn't necessary to note...
```suggestion
desired state when necessary and feasible.
```

The `policy-templates` array contains a single `ConfigurationPolicy` called
`policy-namespace-example`. This `ConfigurationPolicy` has the `remediationAction` set to `inform`
but it is overridden by the optional global `spec.remediationAction`. The `severity` is for
informational purposes similar to the `annotations`.

The most interesting part is the `object-templates` section under the embedded `ConfigurationPolicy`.
This describes the `prod` `Namespace` object that the `Policy` applies to. The action that the
`ConfigurationPolicy` will take is determined by the `complianceType`. In this case, it is set to

> `MustHave` which means, the `prod` `Namespace` object will be created if it doesn't exist. Other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MustHave` which means the `prod` `Namespace` object will be created if it doesn't exist. Other
```

compliance types include `MustNotHave` and `MustOnlyHave`. `MustNotHave` would delete the `prod`
`Namespace` object. `MustOnlyHave` would ensure the `prod` `Namespace` object only exists with the
fields defined in the `ConfigurationPolicy`.

```yaml
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  name: policy-namespace
  namespace: policies
  annotations:
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/standards: NIST SP 800-53
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/categories: CM Configuration Management
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/controls: CM-2 Baseline Configuration
spec:
  remediationAction: enforce
  disabled: false
  policy-templates:
    - objectDefinition:
        apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
        kind: ConfigurationPolicy
        metadata:
          name: policy-namespace-example
        spec:
          remediationAction: inform
          severity: low
          object-templates:
            - complianceType: MustHave
              objectDefinition:
                kind: Namespace # must have namespace 'prod'
                apiVersion: v1
                metadata:
                  name: prod
```

> When the `Policy` is bound to a [Placement](../../concepts/placement.md), the `Policy` status will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `Policy` is bound to a [Placement](../../../concepts/placement), the `Policy` status will
```

> eventually look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report on each cluster that matched the bound Placement:
```

weight: 10
---

The policy framework provides governance capabilities to OCM managed Kubernetes clusters. Policies
provide visibility and drive remediation for various security and configuration aspects to help IT
administrators meet their requirements.

<!-- spellchecker-disable -->

{{< toc >}}

<!-- spellchecker-enable -->

## API Concepts

### Overview

The policy framework has the following API concepts:

> - *Policy Templates* are the policies that perform a desired check or action. An example of this are

Reviewer 2: Grammar nit:
```suggestion
- *Policy Templates* are the policies that perform a desired check or action. An example of this is
```

It still sounds weird, but since it's one example, the verb should be singular I think? Maybe just worth re-writing the sentence to avoid it, like "For example, ConfigurationPolicy objects are embedded..."

  [ConfigurationPolicy](./policy-controllers) objects. These are embedded in `Policy` objects under
  the `policy-templates` array. These cannot be deployed to managed clusters on their own.
- A [`Policy`](#policy) is a grouping mechanism for *Policy Templates* and is the smallest

>   deployable unit. Embedded *Policy Templates* are distributed to applicable managed clusters and

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we should specify that a Policy is the smallest deployable unit *on the hub cluster*.

  acted upon by the appropriate [policy controller](./policy-controllers).
- A [`PolicySet`](#policyset) is a grouping mechanism of `Policy` objects. Compliance of all grouped `Policy`
  objects is summarized in the `PolicySet`. A `PolicySet` is a deployable unit and its distribution
  is controlled by a [Placement](../../concepts/placement).
- A [`PlacementBinding`](#placementbinding) binds a [Placement](../../concepts/placement) to a
  `Policy` or `PolicySet`.

### Policy

> A `Policy` is a grouping mechanism for *Policy Templates* and is the smallest deployable unit.

Reviewer 2: Nit: This sentence is just a repeat of before.

Author: I included it again so that links directly to the Policy section explain it all without the user having to read the Overview section.

Embedded *Policy Templates* are distributed to applicable managed clusters and acted upon by the
appropriate [policy controller](./policy-controllers). The compliance state and status of a
`Policy` represents all embedded *Policy Templates* in the `Policy`. The distribution of `Policy`
objects is controlled by a [Placement](../../concepts/placement).

> View a simple example of a `Policy` that embeds a `ConfigurationPolicy` policy template around a

Reviewer 2: Nit, it just sounds a little weird.
```suggestion
View a simple example of a `Policy` that embeds a `ConfigurationPolicy` policy template to create a
```

Reviewer: "around" was my proposed change, though I agree it's not great. With the ability to "inform" on the policy or set it to "mustnothave", "create" didn't quite seem to fit the nuances of what ConfigurationPolicy does. I landed on "around" in the vein of the previous "embeds", though maybe "manage", "govern", or "monitor" would be better?

Reviewer 2: Good point, "manage" might be better

Author: I like "manage". Thanks for the suggestion!

spec:
  remediationAction: enforce
  disabled: false
  policy-templates:
    - objectDefinition:
        apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
        kind: ConfigurationPolicy
        metadata:
          name: policy-namespace-example
        spec:
          remediationAction: inform
          severity: low
          object-templates:
            - complianceType: MustHave
              objectDefinition:
                kind: Namespace # must have namespace 'prod'
                apiVersion: v1
                metadata:
                  name: prod
```

At first, you may notice the `annotations`. These are standard
annotations that are for informational purposes and can be used by user interfaces, custom report
scripts, or components that integrate with OCM.

Next, you may notice the optional `spec.remediationAction` field. This dictates if the policy
controller should `inform` or `enforce` when violations are found and overrides the
`remediationAction` field on each policy template. When set to `inform`, the `Policy` will become
noncompliant if the underlying policy templates detect that the desired state is not met. When set

> to `enforce`, the underlying policy templates apply the desired state when necessary and feasible.

Reviewer 2: Optional nit:
```suggestion
to `enforce`, the policy controller applies the desired state when necessary and feasible.
```
